doc: add cactbot-highlight extension block (#2345)
quisquous/cactbot: docs/TimelineGuide.md

The best tool for making perfect loops is **util/timeline_adjust.py**.
This script will walk through a timeline file and print out the same
timeline file, adjusted by any amount, positive or negative.

> If you are using VSCode, you can also use the [adjust time feature](https://github.com/MaikoTan/cactbot-highlight#adjust-time) from [cactbot-highlight](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MaikoTan.cactbot-highlight) extension,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using VSCode, you can also use the [adjust time feature](https://github.com/MaikoTan/cactbot-highlight#adjust-time) from the [cactbot-highlight](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MaikoTan.cactbot-highlight) extension,
```

Here's what a completed version of the first phase loop looks like.

Note that we've used the times from **timeline_adjust.py** rather

> than the original times. (Also `cactbot-highlight` if you're prefer that.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
than the original times. (You could also use `cactbot-highlight` if you prefer that.)
```
